STORY ELEMENTS

- Identifiable characters
- Authentic emotion (during explosion for sure)
- A moment (explosion)
- Specific details (normal, etc.)

NORMAL - EXPLOSION - NEW NORMAL



VALUE OF ACT APP:
Your People
In Action
Nothing holding them back



Demographics
- When did you first start coaching people?
- How many people are you coaching right now?
- Do you get paid for personal coaching?
- Do you coach at your work?


NORMAL
Disempowered people loosing track of shit

Ranny is a professional coach and coaches folks in the TMLP - she works with people specifically around performance.
She has calls with her coachees weekly where they create committments for action in their lives. She checks commitments from previous weeks.

-- do you have your notebook in front of you? take it out --

Often the commitments people make would get lost - they would sketch something in a notebook during a call maybe,
often they were lost in the notebook and never refered to again
or nobody would write them down,
or if they were stored someplace, they wouldn't refer back to where they were stored

It was frustrating for Ranny and for her coachees - they had great plans but were missing elements of those plans.
It made Ranny's coaching less effective - she wasn't always aware when commitments were lost
Her coachees often didn't get what they started the coaching for

-- are there promises are written in your notebook? Were they spoken about after being written down? --

EXPLOSION
Using ACT

-- open app to promise creation page --

Ranny tried the ACT app with a few of the people she coaches -

On the phone with to Sarah, Sarah says
"I'm committed to making progress in my career", "I'm going to get my resume updated"
"by our next call?"
"Yeah, I can do that by our next call"
Ranny pulls up the ACT app, clicks Sarah's name, types resume, clicks "next week" and "done"

-- tap in the promise like Ranny did --

Sarah and Ranny both get a text "Sarah - Resume - by Wednesday at 5PM" - it shows up in Sarah's calendar
-- show the promise in my calendar --
that is it, there will be no question next week about what Sarah committed to.
Ranny is ecstatic, knowing the major breakthrough Sarah just had won't be lost
Ranny has freedom and piece of mind knowing she's delivering the value Sarah set out to get and she support in her coaching
***
Ranny trusts herself and her coaching ability
Sarah feels a new sense of purpose and a sense of trust with Ranny, knowing Ranny and the ACT app will hold her to account for her commitment
Sarah trusts she will be in action this next week, know the ACT app put her commitment in her calendar and that Ranny sees it there too
***

Sarah and Ranny continue the call un-interrupted and talk in depth about what hold Sarah back from being in action

NEW NORMAL
Everything awesome

-- see the list of Ranny's teams with promise counts --

Ranny starts using the ACT app on all of her coaching calls and with her TMLP team.
-- click in to TMLP promises list -- see TMLP team names and visibility --
Things get done around her and people's lives transform
Ranny even uses ACT in her property management business which starts performing at a higher level and she is able to quit her other job
She is effective with freedom and ease

-- come back to showing Sarah's promises list --

Ranny's coaching business blossoms, her coachees are effective in their games
Promises are never going to be delivered 100% of the time - if you just forget about a promise though, you are DONE
When the promise is in existence, even if you don't hit it, you have an opportunity to look at what gets in the way - every time




$20 now for 6 months - buy?
Do you see this as something that would be valuable for your coaching?
Do you want to start using it? For people who help with these demo calls it's $20 for the first 6 months.

=== great! I'll send you a venmo! ===

=== Oh, I don't know.... ===
What would this need to provide to be worth it?
Tell me more about that

-
